README.md, before:

# The Kite Connect API Go client

The official Go client for communicating with the Kite Connect API.

Kite Connect is a set of REST-like APIs that expose many capabilities required to build a complete investment and trading platform. Execute orders in real time, manage user portfolio, stream live market data (WebSockets), and more, with the simple HTTP API collection.

Zerodha Technology (c) 2018. Licensed under the MIT License.

## Documentation

- [Client API documentation - GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/zerodhatech/gokiteconnect)
- [Kite Connect HTTP API documentation](https://kite.trade/docs/connect/v3)

## Installation

```
go get github.com/zerodhatech/gokiteconnect
```

## API usage

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"

	"github.com/zerodhatech/gokiteconnect"
)

const (
	apiKey    string = "my_api_key"
	apiSecret string = "my_api_secret"
)

func main() {
	// Create a new Kite connect instance
	kc := kiteconnect.New(apiKey)

	// Login URL from which request token can be obtained
	fmt.Println(kc.GetLoginURL())

	// Obtained request token after Kite Connect login flow
	requestToken := "request_token_obtained"

	// Get user details and access token
	data, err := kc.GenerateSession(requestToken, apiSecret)
	if err != nil {
		fmt.Printf("Error: %v", err)
		return
	}

	// Set access token
	kc.SetAccessToken(data.AccessToken)

	// Get margins
	margins, err := kc.GetUserMargins()
	if err != nil {
		fmt.Printf("Error getting margins: %v", err)
	}
	fmt.Println("margins: ", margins)
}
```

## Kite ticker usage

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"time"

	kiteconnect "github.com/zerodhatech/gokiteconnect"
	"github.com/zerodhatech/gokiteconnect/ticker"
)

var (
	ticker *kiteticker.Ticker
)

// Triggered when any error is raised
func onError(err error) {
	fmt.Println("Error: ", err)
}

// Triggered when websocket connection is closed
func onClose(code int, reason string) {
	fmt.Println("Close: ", code, reason)
}

// Triggered when connection is established and ready to send and accept data
func onConnect() {
	fmt.Println("Connected")
	err := ticker.Subscribe([]uint32{53718535})
	if err != nil {
		fmt.Println("err: ", err)
	}
}

// Triggered when tick is recevived
func onTick(tick kiteticker.Tick) {
	fmt.Println("Tick: ", tick)
}

// Triggered when reconnection is attempted which is enabled by default
func onReconnect(attempt int, delay time.Duration) {
	fmt.Printf("Reconnect attempt %d in %fs\n", attempt, delay.Seconds())
}

// Triggered when maximum number of reconnect attempt is made and the program is terminated
func onNoReconnect(attempt int) {
	fmt.Printf("Maximum no of reconnect attempt reached: %d", attempt)
}

// Triggered when order update is received
func onOrderUpdate(order kiteconnect.Order) {
	fmt.Printf("Order: ", order.OrderID)
}

func main() {
	apiKey := "my_api_key"
	accessToken := "my_access_token"

	// Create new Kite ticker instance
	ticker = kiteticker.New(apiKey, accessToken)

	// Assign callbacks
	ticker.OnError(onError)
	ticker.OnClose(onClose)
	ticker.OnConnect(onConnect)
	ticker.OnReconnect(onReconnect)
	ticker.OnNoReconnect(onNoReconnect)
	ticker.OnTick(onTick)
	ticker.OnOrderUpdate(onOrderUpdate)

	// Start the connection
	ticker.Serve()
}
```

# Examples

Check [examples folder](https://github.com/zerodhatech/gokiteconnect/tree/master/examples) for more examples.

## Run unit tests

```
go test -v
```

## Changelog

[Check CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md)

Commit message:

chore: update examples and changelog

README.md, after:

# The Kite Connect API Go client

The official Go client for communicating with the Kite Connect API.

Kite Connect is a set of REST-like APIs that expose many capabilities required to build a complete investment and trading platform. Execute orders in real time, manage user portfolio, stream live market data (WebSockets), and more, with the simple HTTP API collection.

Zerodha Technology (c) 2018. Licensed under the MIT License.

## Documentation

- [Client API documentation - GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/zerodhatech/gokiteconnect)
- [Kite Connect HTTP API documentation](https://kite.trade/docs/connect/v3)

## Installation

```
go get github.com/zerodhatech/gokiteconnect
```

## API usage

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"

	"github.com/zerodhatech/gokiteconnect"
)

const (
	apiKey    string = "my_api_key"
	apiSecret string = "my_api_secret"
)

func main() {
	// Create a new Kite connect instance
	kc := kiteconnect.New(apiKey)

	// Login URL from which request token can be obtained
	fmt.Println(kc.GetLoginURL())

	// Obtained request token after Kite Connect login flow
	requestToken := "request_token_obtained"

	// Get user details and access token
	data, err := kc.GenerateSession(requestToken, apiSecret)
	if err != nil {
		fmt.Printf("Error: %v", err)
		return
	}

	// Set access token
	kc.SetAccessToken(data.AccessToken)

	// Get margins
	margins, err := kc.GetUserMargins()
	if err != nil {
		fmt.Printf("Error getting margins: %v", err)
	}
	fmt.Println("margins: ", margins)
}
```

## Kite ticker usage

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"time"

	kiteconnect "github.com/zerodhatech/gokiteconnect"
	"github.com/zerodhatech/gokiteconnect/ticker"
)

var (
	ticker *kiteticker.Ticker
)

// Triggered when any error is raised
func onError(err error) {
	fmt.Println("Error: ", err)
}

// Triggered when websocket connection is closed
func onClose(code int, reason string) {
	fmt.Println("Close: ", code, reason)
}

// Triggered when connection is established and ready to send and accept data
func onConnect() {
	fmt.Println("Connected")
	err := ticker.Subscribe([]uint32{53718535})
	if err != nil {
		fmt.Println("err: ", err)
	}
}

// Triggered when tick is recevived
func onTick(tick kiteticker.Tick) {
	fmt.Println("Tick: ", tick)
}

// Triggered when reconnection is attempted which is enabled by default
func onReconnect(attempt int, delay time.Duration) {
	fmt.Printf("Reconnect attempt %d in %fs\n", attempt, delay.Seconds())
}

// Triggered when maximum number of reconnect attempt is made and the program is terminated
func onNoReconnect(attempt int) {
	fmt.Printf("Maximum no of reconnect attempt reached: %d", attempt)
}

// Triggered when order update is received
func onOrderUpdate(order kiteconnect.Order) {
	fmt.Printf("Order: ", order.OrderID)
}

func main() {
	apiKey := "my_api_key"
	accessToken := "my_access_token"

	// Create new Kite ticker instance
	ticker = kiteticker.New(apiKey, accessToken)

	// Assign callbacks
	ticker.OnError(onError)
	ticker.OnClose(onClose)
	ticker.OnConnect(onConnect)
	ticker.OnReconnect(onReconnect)
	ticker.OnNoReconnect(onNoReconnect)
	ticker.OnTick(onTick)
	ticker.OnOrderUpdate(onOrderUpdate)

	// Start the connection
	ticker.Serve()
}
```

# Examples

Check [examples folder](https://github.com/zerodhatech/gokiteconnect/tree/master/examples) for more examples.

You can run the following after updating the API Keys in the examples:

```bash
go run examples/connect/basic/connect.go
```

## Run unit tests

```
go test -v
```

## Changelog

[Check CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md)
